# OsServiceImage

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ID** | **string** | Unique ID for the resource instance as generated by the Metal service | 
**ETag** | **string** | Used to determine whether the DB entry has changed since it was last read. This value is updated each time the resource is updated.  Client must send this value unchanged for any update operation. | 
**Name** | **string** | Common name for the resource instance. Must be 128 or fewer printable characters | 
**Created** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Time when the resource was created in the database | 
**Modified** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Time when the resource was last modified in the database | 
**ProjectID** | **string** | Unique ID of the project that owns this OS service image. | 
**Description** | **string** |  | 
**Category** | **string** | A high level classification of the service.  | 
**Flavor** | **string** | An high level description of the OS image type.  | 
**Version** | **string** | A specific version of the service flavor. | 
**Origin** | [**OsServiceImageOrigin**](OSServiceImageOrigin.md) |  | 
**Timeout** | **int64** | Maximum amount of time in seconds for the service to complete its work.  This time includes the amount of time to download the service image if necessary. | 
**DeviceLayouts** | [**[]DiskPartitions**](DiskPartitions.md) | Device partitioning information. | 
**PermittedProjects** | **[]string** | List of projects allowed to use this OS service image. | 
**Files** | [**[]FileInfo**](FileInfo.md) | Files and relative information for this OS service image. | 
**Info** | [**[]PassedInfo**](PassedInfo.md) | Defines a list of embedded contents to be attached to this OS service image in form of files. | 
**Approach** | [**OsServiceImageApproach**](OSServiceImageApproach.md) |  | 
**AssumedBootMethod** | [**BootMethod**](BootMethod.md) |  | 
**NoSwitchLAG** | **bool** | Indicates if a LAG needs to be created on the switch connecting the host with this OS service image. | 
**BondMode** | [**BondMode**](BondMode.md) |  | 
**FWBaselineID** | **string** | Unique id of the firmware baseline to be applied by the firmware update operation  in Maintenance Steps and Imaging Prep Steps. | 
**UserDefinedSteps** | [**UserDefinedSteps**](UserDefinedSteps.md) |  | 
**Classifiers** | [**[]MachineClassifier**](MachineClassifier.md) | Allows setting of restricted use for this service by machine attributes.  If rules are not defined, this OS service image is available to be installed on any machine. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


