# UpdateHost

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ID** | **string** | Unique ID for the resource instance as generated by the Metal service | 
**ETag** | **string** | Used to determine whether the DB entry has changed since it was last read. This value is updated each time the resource is updated.  Client must send this value unchanged for any update operation. | 
**Name** | **string** | Common name for the resource instance. Must be 128 or fewer printable characters | 
**Description** | **string** |  | 
**NetworkIDs** | **[]string** | The list of IDs corresponding to the networks that were provisioned to the host. These networks are among those listed in the Networks array returned by the get /available-resources call. | 
**NetworkForDefaultRoute** | **string** | The host&#39;s default network ID. This needs to be one of the values in the  \&quot;NetworkIDs\&quot; list. | 
**NetworkUntagged** | **string** | ID of the network selected to be untagged. This needs to be one of the values in the  \&quot;NetworkIDs\&quot; list. | 
**ISCSIConfig** | Pointer to [**UpdateHostIscsiConfig**](UpdateHostISCSIConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**PreAllocatedIPs** | **[]string** | The list of pre-allocated IP addresses corresponding to the list of NetworkIDs. Pre-allocated IP addresses are optional, but required when updating a host containing pre-allocated IP addresses. | 
**ServiceNetsProviderMAC** | **map[string]string** | The map of Service Network (Provider) ID to Provider MAC address.   The Service Network must be a provider network provisioned to this host. Any Service Networks not included here will default to the physical MAC learned during machine discovery. | 
**Labels** | **map[string]string** | The map of service specified label name to label value for this host. Setting this field is restricted by role. At minimum, this field should be set to the values specified during create. | 
**UserLabels** | **map[string]string** | The map of user specified label name to label value for this host. At minimum, this field should be set to the values specified during create. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


