# Volume

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ID** | **string** | Unique ID for the resource instance as generated by the Metal service | 
**ETag** | **string** | Used to determine whether the DB entry has changed since it was last read. This value is updated each time the resource is updated.  Client must send this value unchanged for any update operation. | 
**Name** | **string** | Common name for the resource instance. Must be 128 or fewer printable characters | 
**Created** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Time when the resource was created in the database | 
**Modified** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | Time when the resource was last modified in the database | 
**Description** | **string** |  | 
**FlavorID** | **string** | The VolumeFlavorID matching an entry in the VolumeFlavors array returned as part of the get /available-resources call | 
**StoragePoolID** | **string** | The storage pool ID matching an entry in the StoragePools array returned as part of the get /available-resources call | 
**Capacity** | **int64** | The size of the volume in KiB | 
**Shareable** | **bool** | Indicates if the volume can be attached to multiple hosts | 
**LocationID** | **string** | The location of the volume (and the storage array) LocationID is one of those listed by the LocationInfo array returned as part of the get /available-resources call. Any volumes must be in the same location as their attached Host. | 
**State** | [**VolumeState**](VolumeState.md) |  | 
**SubState** | [**VolumeSubState**](VolumeSubState.md) |  | 
**Status** | [**VolumeStatus**](VolumeStatus.md) |  | 
**Labels** | **map[string]string** | The map of label name to label value for the resource. | 
**WWN** | **string** | Serial number of the volume. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


